Set system field lengths based on database max limits for columns and tables (#24983)
directus/directus: .changeset/gentle-horses-add.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed string length too short to store db column/table names

Reviewer: What do we think of the following? 
```suggestion
Fixed issue where column/table names didn't follow the database's maximum allowed length limit, applied to new projects only
```

Reviewer 2: Another suggestion:
```suggestion
Set system field lengths based on database max limits for columns and tables (new installs only)
```
